Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a drama, horror,
mystery, science fiction, and thriller film
called “Radius" Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Awoken by a car crash, a man, Liam, finds
himself in the middle of nowhere.
He makes his way to the road, where he tries
flagging down a passing car.
Liam almost gets hit by the car before it
swerves off the road.
He approaches the car door and sees the driver
lifeless with white eyes.
Liam uses the woman’s phone to call for
help, and the officer asks for his name and
location.
He realizes that he doesn’t know his name.
Luckily, he still has his wallet and learns
his name and address.
A crow flies above him, and the bird dies
for unknown reasons, making Liam more confused.
He makes his way back to town and stops at
a local diner; oddly, he finds everyone inside
dead with white eyes.
Just outside, a van crashes into the diner
because the driver suddenly died as well.
Because of this weird phenomenon, Liam speculates
that a virus is responsible for it and covers
his mouth and nose with a cloth.
He finds his way back to his house with a
map, where he watches news reports about the
mysterious occurrence.
Not long after, he spots a farmer just outside
the house who greets him.
Liam warns the man to leave the area and go
back home, but he continues to come closer,
causing him to die.
This surprises Liam, wondering why he remains
unaffected.
He tries writing down everything he remembers
to figure out the mystery.
He then asks himself if he could be the one
responsible for all the deaths.
To test his theory, he goes outside and approaches
a crow.
As he comes closer, the crow drops dead, confirming
his theory.
He then measures how far something has to
be before getting affected.
Later that day, cops arrive at his house,
informing him that they found his truck, but
he refuses to let them know that he is around.
Because of the lack of response, an officer
decides to enter the house, and the other
checks the surrounding areas.
To spare their lives, Liam stays at a safe
distance from them and hides.
After birds start falling from the sky, the
officer notices that the animals’ eyes turn
white as well, just like the people in the
diner, so both of them retreat to the station.
That night, Liam awakens from a dream of him
crashing the car.
A woman, dubbed as Jane Doe, arrives at his
property, asking to talk to him.
He warns her not to get any closer to the
shed, but the woman is unaffected, to his
surprise.
Jane reveals to Liam that they were together
during the crash, and she suffers from amnesia
like him.
Neither of them knows why they were traveling
together nor the cause of the crash.
Liam welcomes Jane inside his home, where
she informs him that she tracked him down
because the cops informed her that the car
in the crash is registered to Liam.
When Liam looks at Jane, he gets random visions
of them being together before the accident
in a place called Smithburg-Oakdale Bridge,
so they check its location on the map.
Curious to know what happened, they drive
to the last place they remember, but they
fail to remember anything.
Despite forgetting everything about the past,
Liam tells Jane that he feels like he knows
her deeper.
Jane gets a vision of her sitting by the bridge
with Liam comforting her, but that is the
most she can extract from her memory, leaving
her frustrated.
After some time, they decide to go to the
crash site to investigate.
When they arrive, they find a charred circle
with its edges perfectly lined.
Liam and Jane remember fragments of where
they last stood before ultimately losing their
memory of that rainy night.
Liam is now heavily consumed by his troubled
mind, so he tells Jane all about the deaths
that he is unintentionally responsible for.
Jane gets scared and quickly distances herself
from Liam.
She gets mad at him for not informing her,
saying that she could have been harmed.
When they reach the road, a cop stops by after
seeing them arguing and questions Liam as
Jane walks farther away.
Expectedly, the cop drops dead.
Liam notices that the police officer only
died when Jane was at a distance and theorizes
that Jane’s proximity could have a connection
to the strange phenomenon.
To prove to Jane that she nullifies his ability
to kill anyone within a certain radius, Liam
uses a goat to explain how it works.
In an open field, Liam instructs Jane to take
a few steps farther from him, and they wait
for the goat to die.
As long as Jane is within fifty feet of Liam,
Liam’s curse doesn’t affect any living
beings.
Initially, Liam wants to inform the authorities
about it, but Jane convinces him that they
will not believe a single word he says.
Instead, she suggests that he should be tested
at a hospital.
While a doctor checks him up, he gets random
visions of himself in the past, but it does
not help explain his current situation.
They run a scan for him, but the nurse says
that Jane could not be inside the room.
Both of them beg the nurse to let her stay,
and she agrees.
They then see a news report that discloses
Liam as the prime suspect of the mysterious
deaths, so they try to flee from the hospital.
Unfortunately, the police are already there.
Liam finds the doctor, and the doctor tells
him the results of the scan.
Apparently, Liam is perfectly healthy.
They run from the police, but personJane gets
a glimpse of a missing person board on the
way to the elevator, making her stop.
She gets a vision of standing at the bridge
while holding a poster of herself missing.
When she snaps out of it, she realizes that
Liam already got into a packed elevator.
Jane tries to catch up to Liam, but she doesn’t
make it.
Jane uses the stairs to maintain the fifty-foot
distance to prevent the people inside the
elevator from dying.
At the same time, Liam urges the people to
run as far as they can away from him once
the elevator doors open.
The elevator stops, and the occupants get
out, but Jane and Liam are still apart from
each other.
Jane misses him on every floor, making her
run down using the stairs.
Finally, they land on the same floor and embrace
each other as the doors open.
They leave the hospital relieved that nobody
got fatally harmed.
They drive to a secluded property deep into
the woods as a safe space, away from the rest
of the town’s citizens, and more importantly,
from the police.
While in the car, Jane tells Liam that she
is still considered missing, with authorities
still working on her disappearance.
The next day, Liam notices Jane’s wedding
ring but disregards it and exits the car to
check if anyone is around.
Meanwhile, Jane listens to the radio and hears
a news report revealing her real name: Rose
Daerwood.
Surprised by this, she also learns that she
has a husband named Sam who appeals for her
to return home.
Although doubts still run through her mind,
she thinks that contacting Sam for help will
be a great idea, and she relays this information
to Liam.
Hesitant to leave, he tells Rose that he is
staying, but she refuses to let him be alone
without her.
She finally convinces him after saying that
Sam may be the reason for her disappearance
and that she needs Liam to keep her safe.
They track Sam down using an address directory,
and Sam enters the car after Rose’s plea.
Liam tries explaining, but Sam does not buy
his story at first.
Liam demonstrates how his deadly radiation
works by coming near a bird who dies mysteriously.
Now convinced, Sam agrees to be an accomplice
and provides a hiding place for them.
While he disposes of their car, Rose finds
the poster from her vision but with the name
Lily Grayson.
She learns that Lily is her long-lost twin
sister and is also missing, which puts Rose
in a spiral of depressive episodes.
She had spent her time looking for Lily, and
on the anniversary of her twin’s death,
she stormed off to the bridge, prepared to
take her own life.
Rose then remembers becoming suicidal, and
Liam saved her that night.
Liam convinced her to get off the ledge and
talk the situation out, beginning an unlikely
friendship.
After her vision, Rose asks Sam for some food,
so he heads outside to pick up something for
her.
Rose then tells Liam about how and where they
knew each other, and they fall asleep on the
couch.
Sam sees this and gets jealous.
Sam then warns Rose of Liam being a bad person,
but she defends Liam.
Meanwhile, Liam gets a vision of the night
of the accident and remembers that they intended
to travel to a nearby lake.
He proposes going to the secluded cabin with
Rose to Sam, but Sam does not allow the two
of them to go alone and walks out.
Sam called the cops without their knowledge,
and Liam realizes it after Sam acts frantic
and insistent on leaving Liam behind.
However, Sam instantly regrets his decision
and warns them at the last moment.
Shortly after, the cops arrive at their home
and arrest Sam for thinking that he is an
accomplice.
Police enter the house and handcuff Liam and
Rose.
The two beg the police not to separate them.
Disregarding their cries, the police split
them up, resulting in everyone around them
dying, including bystanders at the scene.
Liam falls to the ground, overtaken by the
guilt of being responsible for it, but he
reunites with Sam and Rose to resume their
plan.
Finally, Sam agrees to be left behind to explain
to authorities the truth behind the deaths.
Liam and Rose start to drive away from town
and stop for some food.
Inside the store, they learn about an unexplained
cosmic event on the news with released satellite
images of the anomaly.
The report was released by NASA, which can
still not grasp what happened that could cause
such satellite disruptions.
They go back to the car and continue to drive
when a vehicle starts following them.
Finally, Liam and Rose arrive at the secluded
cabin.
Stressed out, Liam heads outside to take a
walk, leaving Rose scouring through the contents
of the cabin.
While going through stuff, she finds a notebook
revealing that Liam is a serial killer and
is the one who abducted Lily.
As she turns each page, she reads about Liam’s
victims, stating the details of the murders.
To her surprise, she sees her name on a blank
page, revealing that Liam intended to kill
her when he stopped her from taking her own
life.
Separately, Liam remembers disposing of Lily's
body in the lake and his attempt to kidnap
Rose, which troubles him deeply.
He feels a sense of confusion because he doesn’t
remember being a killer.
Both of them remember the reason behind the
accident: Rose tried to stop Liam from tranquilizing
her, causing the car to crash in their scuffle.
She managed to crawl out of the car when lightning
hits them, and they both get electrocuted.
It appears that the strange phenomenon reported
earlier in the news from NASA is the same
thing that affected them.
Now that everything is clear, Rose holds Liam
at gunpoint while confronting him, but she
could not get herself to shoot him.
While making their way back to the cabin,
they run into the man who was following them.
The man and his two sons hold them captive,
dubbing them terrorists.
Liam manages to run away but is stopped by
gunfire.
Intending to use his deadly radiation, Liam
takes a few steps back until the father and
one of his sons die, while the other beside
Rose survives.
He also dies after she runs away from him.
Unfortunately, Rose gets shot and is fatally
wounded, so Liam takes her to the nearest
hospital.
While she is rolled into the emergency room,
she repeatedly calls out to Liam.
As Liam disappears from view, Rose sees him
aim a gun at his head.
She then hears a single gunshot.
Despite him being her sister’s killer, she
feels a deep sense of sadness after hearing
the gunshot and cries.
Finally, Liam has paid the price for all the
crimes he has committed, but not the way he
expected.